.Dd May 17, 2026
.Dt DOOMSDAY-SYSTEM 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm doomsday-system
.Nd post-install a Void Linux DOOMSDAY desktop
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm install.sh
.Op Ar module
.Op Ar option ...
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a Void Linux post-install script for a small X11 desktop stack. It installs
Void packages, installs tracked
.Pa /etc
files, clones selected module repositories, builds the C tools, and installs
dotfiles through their own Makefile.
.Pp
With no module flag, the installer defaults to
.Fl -all .
.Sh MODULES
.Bl -tag -width "--status"
.It Fl -system
Install Void packages and tracked
.Pa /etc
files.
.It Fl -dots
Install DoomDots.
.It Fl -desktop
Install the interactive desktop modules: DoomWM, DoomMenu, DoomTerm,
DoomStatus, and DoomLock.
.It Fl -wm
Install DoomWM.
.It Fl -menu
Install DoomMenu.
.It Fl -term
Install DoomTerm.
.It Fl -status
Install DoomStatus.
.It Fl -lock
Install DoomLock.
.It Fl -all
Install every module.
.El
.Pp
Legacy aliases
.Fl -sst ,
.Fl -slstatus ,
and
.Fl -slock
map to
.Fl -term ,
.Fl -status ,
and
.Fl -lock .
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width "--dotfiles-prefix DIR"
.It Fl y , Fl -yes
Run non-interactively.
.It Fl -dry-run
Print planned actions without changing the system.
.It Fl -list
List modules and exit.
.It Fl -uninstall
Uninstall selected modules instead of installing them.
.It Fl -no-verify
Skip post-install command verification.
.It Fl -no-deps
Skip Void package installation.
.It Fl -no-etc
Skip tracked
.Pa /etc
file installation.
.It Fl -no-update
Do not update existing module checkouts.
.It Fl -build-root Ar DIR
Clone and build modules under
.Ar DIR .
.It Fl -packages-dir Ar DIR
Read Void package manifests from
.Ar DIR .
.It Fl -etc-root Ar DIR
Read tracked
.Pa /etc
files from
.Ar DIR .
.It Fl -prefix Ar DIR
Install compiled tools under
.Ar DIR .
.It Fl -dotfiles-prefix Ar DIR
Install dotfile symlinks under
.Ar DIR .
.It Fl -repo-base Ar URL
Use a different GitHub or Git-compatible repository base URL.
.El
.Sh EXAMPLES
.Dl \&./install.sh --dry-run --all
.Dl \&./install.sh --yes --desktop
.Dl \&./install.sh --uninstall --desktop
.Sh SEE ALSO
.Xr doomdots 1 ,
.Xr doomwm 1 ,
.Xr doommenu 1 ,
.Xr doomterm 1 ,
.Xr doomstatus 1 ,
.Xr doomlock 1
